docs: revise the bastion ssh guideline to mitigate permission denied errors (#15657)
kubernetes/kops: docs/bastion.md

# If you need to add the key to your agent:
ssh-add path/to/private/key

> # Now you can SSH into the bastion, where <username> of Ubuntu in AWS is `ubuntu` and of Debian is `admin`, <bastion-ELB-address> is the URL of the assigned Load Balancer.
> ssh -A <username>@<bastion-ELB-address>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Now you can SSH into the bastion. Substitute the administrative username of the instance's OS for <username> (`ubuntu` for  Ubuntu,  `admin` for Debian, etc.) and the bastion domain for <bastion-domain>. If the bastion doesn't have a public CNAME alias, use the domain of the assigned load balancer as the bastion domain.
ssh -A <username>@<bastion-domain>
```

> # then you can SSH into control planes or worker nodes in the cluster, using the forwarded auth key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# then you can use the fowarded authentication to SSH into control-plane or worker nodes in the cluster.
```
